PEOPLE TECH:

1.What are your roles? How your day goes?
2.If you have any issues, how will you resolve it?
3.If the issue is related to code, how will you resolve?whom do you approach?
4.How is your build pipeline configured?
5.Did you work on yaml files?
6.What are the components of yaml file?
7.Difference between hosted and self hosted agents?
8.How do you configure self-hosted agent?
9.How do you add new users in Azure DevOps?
10.What is service principle and what are its components?
11.How is Key Vault configured in Azure DevOps Pipeline?
12.What are the environments you worked on?
13.In which environment does developers work?
14.What are pre-deployment & post-deployment conditions and how are they configured?
15.What is terraform state file?
16.How is terraform backend configured and where ?
17.Explain about resource block of terraform backend?
18.What is providers block?
19.Explain about AWS Provider block?
20.What are terraform workspaces?
21.What is terraform file locking?
22.What is fmt in terraform?
23.What is taint in terraform?
24.What is powershell file extension?
25.What is the powershell command to start a VM?
26.Git commands?
27.What are terraform modules?



WIPRO:

1.How is the build and release pipeline configured?
2.What is terraform state file?
3.Can we configure different state files for different environments and how we can access it?
4.How are variables are configured in pipeline?
5.Difference between Traffic Manager and Load Balancer?
6.Role assignments?(scope)
7.How do you perform health checks?
8.If your build agent is in one subscription and your azure subscription is different , how do you configure it?
9.How are ARM Templates written and how they are used in Azure DevOps?
10.How can we give login permissions to web apps?
11.How can we know if the script has executed well or not? How and where can we check?
12.What policies do you give in Key Vaults?
How do you give access to users and where?
13.Where do you check if any errors occur and how do you troubleshoot them?
14.How do you write a custom terraform script for function apps?
15.Explain the 3-tier web application configuration?


BOSCH:

1.Difference between hosted and self hosted agents?
2.What are dynamic and static agents?
3.Are all softwares pre-installed in hosted agents?
4.Why do you use ARM/Terraform in CI/CD process?
5.What do you use for secret management and which is the safest option?
6.Why do you use Load Balancer?
7.Difference between app registration and enterprise application?
8.What is Azure AD and AD Connect?
9.What tools do you use in your project?
10.Difference between git fetch and git pull?



LTI:

1.What are deployment slots?
2.Explain about your project.
3.Why do you use .NET in pipelines?
4.What will you do to decrease the downtime when you run the pipeline to provision the webapp?
5.What are the variables in build pipelines?
6.Where do you store your artifacts?
7.Where is terraform tf.state file stored and what is the use?
8.Apart from .NET what are the other tasks you have done?
9.What are task groups and if you can use them in multiple other projects?
10.What are the agents you use?(hosted or self hosted)
11.Difference between hosted and self hosted agents.
12.What is PAT and when do you use?
13.If I configure endpoints in my webapp,which agent should we use and why?
14.What are the branching and merging strategies you follow and which is the best strategy according to you?
15.What are your daily activities?
16.How do you build pipelines in different environments?
17.Why keyvault is configured in pipelines?


PACTERA EDGE:

1.What are your daily activities?
2.What are recurring issues you have faced?
3.What is the infrastructure on which the builds are runned in your organisation?
4.Hosted & self hosted agents?
5.What are the different DevOps tools you have used?
6.What is the difference between Git and GitHub?
7.What is the difference between TFS and GitHub?
8.What is the difference between distributed and centralised
9.Does your current environment use containerised docker images?
10.Who would be writing the scripts?
11.Do you have deployment slots and what do you mean by them?
12.How do you configure release pipelines in general?
13.Did you get any chance to configure the release failures?
14.Why do you use powershell in pipelines?

15.Why do we use Nugget tool?
16.What will you do if anyone accidentally deletes the pipeline?(what permissions do you have?)
17.Can we delete build & release pipelines?
18.Why do you use Git?
19.Why do you use Powershell in Azure DevOps?

